Add new inputs for bug template (#8)
cyberark/conjur-template: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug.md

## Actual Results (including error logs, if applicable)
A clear and concise description of what actually did happen.

## Reproducible
   * [ ] Always 
   * [ ] Sometimes
   * [ ] Non-Reproducible
   
## Version/Tag number

> A clear input of your version/Tag number

Reviewer: do you think there is a way to provide guidance on how to find the version number generally? or is the best we can do “please provide the version of the product” (it might be - just wanted to ask if you have any ideas)

Author: It suppose to be in the logs in some of the products . If not we can always ask for tag number or hash.
In appliance for example we can say: [v5.8.1](https://github.com/conjurinc/appliance/releases/tag/v5.8.1) 7e74eb2

> A clear input of your version/Tag number

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What version of the product are you running? Any version info that you can share is helpful. For example, you might give the version from Docker logs, the Docker tag, a specific download URL, the output of the `/info` route, etc.
```

## Environment setup

> A clear input of your environment may help us to reproduce the issue.  

Reviewer: I’m not sure I’m clear on what you mean by “environment setup” - can you clarify?

Author: for example:
In secrets provider it may be a different case if we run on oc3.10 or gke
In appliance running with cluster ? master only ? with LB ?  on which VM ? every input that may help us to reproduce it.

Reviewer: thanks! I might try to wordsmith it a little to give people some guidance about what kind of info (like this) we're looking for

> A clear input of your environment may help us to reproduce the issue.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can you describe the environment in which this product is running? Is it running on a VM / in a container / in a cloud? Which cloud provider? Which container orchestrator (including version)? The more info you can share about your runtime environment, the better we may be able to reproduce the issue.
```
